README.md, before:

## Google Gemini Gem Instructions
This is where I save the instructions that I give to Gems.
### What color is that?
This Gem is to assist those with duteranomoly red-green colorblindness. It instructs the Gem in receiving an image and describing the colors of elements in the image. It directs the Gem to provide descriptions that I find useful, including RGB values and similarities to well-known products or sports teams. With these instructions, the Gem can describe one or more colors of a specified object like an article of clothing or a painting. It can advise whether articles of clothing go together in an outfit and explain why or why not.
### French Tutor
This Gem is to help someone at my level of French comprehension to make improvements in French comprehension. It will translate French to English. It will assess my attempts at translating French to English or English to French. And it will provide grammar and vocabulary lesson and offer helpful challenges.
### Language Tutor
This Python code uses the Gemini API to role prompt with system instructions and submit user prompts for second language tutoring. It initially allows for French and Spanish
tutoring.

Commit message:

Revise README for Google Gems and Python integration
Updated the README to reflect new instructions for Gems and added Python code for Gemini API calls.

README.md, after:

## Prompting with Goggle Gems and Python
This is where I save the instructions that I give to Gems and Python code for Gemini API calls.
### What color is that?
This Gem is to assist those with duteranomoly red-green colorblindness. It instructs the Gem in receiving an image and describing the colors of elements in the image. It directs the Gem to provide descriptions that I find useful, including RGB values and similarities to well-known products or sports teams. With these instructions, the Gem can describe one or more colors of a specified object like an article of clothing or a painting. It can advise whether articles of clothing go together in an outfit and explain why or why not.
### French Tutor
This Gem is to help someone at my level of French comprehension to make improvements in French comprehension. It will translate French to English. It will assess my attempts at translating French to English or English to French. And it will provide grammar and vocabulary lesson and offer helpful challenges.
### Language Tutor
This Python code uses the Gemini API to role prompt with system instructions and submit user prompts for second language tutoring. It initially allows for French and Spanish
tutoring.
